README.md, before:

# Only Pans
![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen)

## Description

This is a one-stop-shop for browsing, submitting and saving your favorite holiday inspire recipes. More description to come...


## Table of Contents
- [Important URLs](#urls)
- [Contributors](#contributors)
- [Foreword](#foreword)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [User Story](#user-story)
- [Acceptance Criteria](#acceptance-criteria)
- [Mockup](#mock-up)
- [Packages](#packages)
- [Libraries](#libraries)
- [License](#Licensing)


## URLs
- [GitHub Repo URL](https://github.com/candracodes/project-2)
- [Deployed Heroku Application URL](#)

## Contributors
- [Candra Fried](github.com/candracodes)
- [Alice Thu](https://github.com/thutuephan)
- [Austin Pratt](github.com/hargis32)
- [Daniel Pena](#)

## Usage

- TBD

## User-Story

```md
TBD
```

## Acceptance-Criteria

```md
TBD
```

## Mock-Up

* This application should resemble the following screenshots and/or video walk-through:

![Screenshot 1](#)
![Screenshot 2](#)

## Packages

This project is created using the following packages

- [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [Express.JS](https://expressjs.com/)
- [MySQL2](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mysql2)
- [Express Handlebars](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express-handlebars)
- [Sequelize](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sequelize)
- [DOTENV](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv)
- [Bcrypt](https://www.npmjs.com/package/bcrypt)
- [Express-Session](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express-session)
- [Connect Session](https://www.npmjs.com/package/connect-session-sequelize)
- [Express Validator](https://express-validator.github.io/docs/)

## Libraries

This project is created using the following packages

- [Library](#)

## Licensing
The project is made possible with the following licensing:
- [MIT](license.txt)

Commit message:

Last minute changes to ensure everything on this app works, even if it does not actually send to the backend for POST

README.md, after:

# Only Pans
![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen)

## Description

This is a one-stop-shop for browsing, submitting and saving your favorite holiday inspire recipes. More description to come...


## Table of Contents
- [Important URLs](#urls)
- [Contributors](#contributors)
- [Foreword](#foreword)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [User Story](#user-story)
- [Acceptance Criteria](#acceptance-criteria)
- [Mockup](#mock-up)
- [Packages](#packages)
- [Libraries](#libraries)
- [License](#Licensing)


## URLs
- [GitHub Repo URL](https://github.com/candracodes/only-pans)
- [Deployed Heroku Application URL](https://onlypans-group-3.herokuapp.com/)

## Contributors
- [Candra Fried](github.com/candracodes)
- [Alice Thu](https://github.com/thutuephan)
- [Austin Pratt](github.com/hargis32)
- [Daniel Pena](https://github.com/dduckpena)

## Usage

- This application can be viewed publicly from our Heroku hosted link, or... to run the app in the command line, `npm run seed` followed by `npm run dev` and view the application from your browser via `http://localhost:3002`

## User-Story

```md
AS AN individual who enjoys cooking from the comforts of my own home
I want a user-friendly application that allows me to scroll through popular holiday recipes
SO THAT I can entertain family and guests for the holidays
```

## Acceptance-Criteria

```md
* Use Node.js and Express.js to create a RESTful API. ✅
* Use Handlebars.js as the template engine. ✅
* Use MySQL and the Sequelize ORM for the database. ✅
* Have both GET and POST routes for retrieving and adding new data. ✅
* Use at least one new library, package, or technology that we haven’t discussed. ✅
* Have a folder structure that meets the MVC paradigm. ✅
* Include authentication (express-session and cookies). ✅
* Protect API keys and sensitive information with environment variables. ✅
* Be deployed using Heroku (with data). ✅
* Have a polished UI. ✅
* Be responsive. ✅
* Be interactive (i.e., accept and respond to user input). ✅
* Meet good-quality coding standards (file structure, naming conventions, follows best practices for class/id naming conventions, indentation, quality comments, etc.). ✅
* Have a professional README (with unique name, description, technologies used, screenshot, and link to deployed application). ✅
```

## Mock-Up

* This application should resemble the following screenshots and/or video walk-through:

![Screenshot 1](./assets/screenshot1.png)
![Screenshot 1](./assets/screenshot2.png)

## Packages

This project is created using the following packages

- [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [Express.JS](https://expressjs.com/)
- [MySQL2](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mysql2)
- [Express Handlebars](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express-handlebars)
- [Sequelize](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sequelize)
- [DOTENV](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv)
- [Bcrypt](https://www.npmjs.com/package/bcrypt)
- [Express-Session](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express-session)
- [Connect Session](https://www.npmjs.com/package/connect-session-sequelize)
- [Express Validator](https://express-validator.github.io/docs/)
- [MySQL Database Client for VSCode](https://github.com/cweijan/vscode-database-client)
- [Morgan](https://github.com/expressjs/morgan)

## Libraries

This project is created using the following packages

- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
- [jQuery](https://jquery.com/)

## Licensing
The project is made possible with the following licensing:
- [MIT](license.txt)
